This is the assignment after lecture 2 in Namaste React Series By Akshay Saini 

Note: All the solutions are written by me. SO if you find any discrepancy or any mistake do google it as well to get correct and desired results. 

Question 1 : What is NPM?
Answer : NPM is a standard repository for all the libraries and packages that we use in our project. It is used to install all the necessary bundlers packages and other
libraries into our project. It is not abbreviated as node product manger. To conclude npm manages all the packages inside our project.

Question 2:What is Parcel/Webpack? Why do we need it ? 
Answer: Parcel/Webpack are commonly used Bundlers in our project. Other common examples include Vite.js etc. Basically Bundlers are used to bundle our applications 
together i.e compiling all our code with dependencies together and throw an output file which is production ready and ready to be deployed. 
As mentioned above these bundlers are used to merge our code together so whenever we are working on large files with multiple dependecies and we need to run it 
simultaneously we need bundlers. 

Question 3 : What is .parcel-cache ? 
Answer: .parcel-cache is a subsequent cache folder that is generated by the parcel bundler. The purpose of this bundler is to increase the speed of the subsequent builds. 
This can ve understood by that if we modify our code and incorporate some changes and rebuid our application this cache directory automatically restores the data and 
modifies the only changed part of our application and gives us the build in few seconds. Thereby speeding up our process of subsequent builds. 

Question 4: What is npx? 
Answer : npx is just another command like npm that is used primarily to execute the packages inside the terminal.It is hosted in npm registory. 

Question 5 : What is difference between 'dependencies' and 'Devdependencies' ? 
Answer : Usually there are 2 kinds of dependecies that we use in our project which are Devdependencies and depenendencies. They are described as follows:
 1: Dependencies : These are the normal dependencies that are required to run our code and can be used in production phase of our code as well. eg react firebase etc
 2: Devdependencies : These are the dependencies are majorly concerned with the development phase of our code and we don't need to run in our production phase and only 
 use in our development phase. 

Question 6: What is Tree Shaking ? 
Answer : Tree Shaking is a term that commonly refers to dead-code elimination i.e the code that is not used in our applications. Generally this is done by Bundlers that remove 
this dead code while merging multiple code files into single one. This makes our code a clean one and ensures that the code is optimized. 

Question 7: What is Hot Module Replacement ?
Answer : Hot Module Replacement is one of the useful features of Bundlers. It allows all the modules to be updated at the run time without refreshing the full code. 
This feature is primarily used in development phase and thus is not encouraged to be used in production phase of the project. 

Question 9: What is .gitignore and what should be add and not add to it ? 
.gitignore is a file that we add in our code to push those folders that we dont want to push in git. In other terms thos folders and files that can be re generated 
should not be pushed to git and thus should be added to .gitignore file. 

Question 10 : What is difference between 'package.json' and 'package-lock.json' ?
Answer : 'package.json' is a configuration of npm i.e it is all the dependencies in it. Though package-lock.json bith have dependencies but the major difference between
them is that package.json has the version of the dependencies that can be updated and often begin with ^(caret) or ~(tilda) so that they are compatible with the 
changes but package-lock.json has exact version of the dependencies. 

Question 11: Why should i not modify 'package-lock.json' folder ? 
Answer :  As mentioned above package-lock.json has exact version of tree of dependencies and thus modifying would result in change in exact vesrion of dependencies. 
Moreover it automatically gets updated whenver we run npm install and thus it is not encouraged to update it. 

Question 12: What is 'node-modules' and should we push it into git ? 
Answer : Whenever we install a bundler a 'node-modules' folder comes into it. These folders contain all the dependencies and dependencies of the above dependecies. 
This folder should not be pushed into git as it can be re-generated into our project. So this folder should not be pushed into git.

Question 13: What is 'dist' folder ? 
Answer : 'Dist' folder is the folder that is generated when we run our command of 'npm run build'. This command is primarily used and it creates the folder and 
run the folder and these files are automatically production ready. 

Question 14 : What is 'browserlists' ? 
Answer : Browser Lists is a list of browser that are compatible with our frontend appliactions and this list is in our package.json folder that describes the
list of browser i which our frontend application can be run easily. 











