This is the Assignment 5 of the Namaste React Course By Akshay Saini 

Note: All the solutions are written by me. SO if you find any discrepancy or any mistake do google it as well to get correct and desired results. 

Question 1: What is the difference between Named Export, Default export and * as export?
Answer : Default Export is primarily used to export a single file from a particular react component. Thus Default Export is used only and only when we have to export a 
single file from a particular react component. 
To import a file using default export we use the command as : export default filename;

Named Export is used when we have to export more than one file from a file to a react component. This component is used to more than one file into our react components.
A file can have more than one named exports. To import/export the file we use the command as : export/import   {filename} from filepath ;. 

* export : if we want to import all of our named export into our file. We can directly use * export to get the desired result. To import/export file using * we write 
the command as : export/import * as filename from filepath. 

Question 2 : What is the importance of config.js file ?
Answer : The config.js file is primarily a utility folder that stores all the utilties of our react app i.e all the links all the static and constant data of our react
app is stored in the config.js file. This is also called as a utils folder. 

Question 3: What are React Hooks?
Answer : React Hooks are the predefined utility functions that are given to us by React. This hooks are used majorly to dynamically update our data. There are majorly 
2 hooks that are used in React: useState() and useEffect(). 

Question 4: Why do we need a useState Hook?
Answer : use State hook is primarily used to dynamically update our state variables. Whenever we use useState we have to pass a value that acts as an intialized value
and when we update it it gives us the new value. Thus useState automatically re-renders the componet whenever the state variables are updated. These state Hooks keep
the UI layer and Data Layer of our React App together giving a seamless experience to the user. 

